[Music]
let's see what happened to Yo Cabrera, man, they
put him in jail, but of course, to see what happened
to Yao Cabrera, now yes, yes, we wouldn't have to
see what happened to Yao. When you put Yao
curb or Yao Cabrera
curb, it doesn't appear. If you put Ya Cabrera
curb, it doesn't appear. Hey, it's been
uploading, let's see what I can see. It's been
uploading because of the content, it's
been very Z Z, the magic hasn't been lost, the
rebor thing we were
commenting on, but it's very Z Z Z Z, the
content of the youtuber, eh. Suddenly, we have to
stir up the hornet's nest, eh. Wow, how
was the one
in the curb video? It was a tradition, you
had to see it, eh. Hey, but I
'm so young. I'm here. No, look, look,
look, what's going on, I'm there. F Cabrera. Now
I'm watching. Now I'm watching the
covers of my videos here and I'm
remembering a little. No, this is the one with the
curb. They hit Cabrera. I'm
remembering a little. Not Cabrera's history,
my goodness, eh. Things, mind you, December 15,
2017  Hello my kids. Today I'm here
to talk about a topic that, although it's going to
amuse you a lot, of course it doesn't
amuse him, he's been given a couple of
slaps next to Cabrera. No, this
amuses us all. That's something I wouldn't
say today. No. Or maybe it does.
Or maybe it does. It depends. Let's see
what Cabrera has done. And
then I'll tell you, if I tell you, if I would say it, have
n't you gained with the years? Yes, I
was talking about it today, uh, I was talking about it with my mother. I
say. Look, look, let's see, yeah, yeah. Really, yes.
Well, really, a little bit the same.
No. Yes, the same, a little bit. No, a little bit
fatter now, in fact, uh, a little bit fatter now,
maybe no, I don't know, but
really, I'm the same. No, not that much. No, I don't know.
A little bit the same. Let's see. Let's see. About
the curb. Let's see. Oh, about the curb, that's
to remember it. Oh, about the curb, that was
one thing. About the curb is one thing. You
're better off, yes, but like, because I've become
a little more mature now,
no, let's see. We're talking 201, damn
it. 2017 7  years 7 years You 7 years You
God it's clear 7 years I was here 31
almost I wasn't 32 anymore Clearly
with me how time has passed eh how
time has passed how long have I been
here you man we are talking here about
something from 2017 but we go as if it had been
good we see that they are people who are
very fine people not the mother educated and
such and we see that they are like in a in a
neighborhood candle not in an F but it's that
I have the nerve to tell people
this Look look look how fine they are how
educated no man but I love it
because they show me clips eh And they throw in my
face things and conversations and clips and
things even older what is this eh I
mean there are things that you have seen that they
throw in my face that are even
older than this and it's like [ __ ] what the hell do
I do with that the retouching when we
see you very often is not noticeable but
in videos fos It's noticeable let's see it seems that I have
changed my face eh I mean I have
done two stupid things and this
big man that I don't know  who is it I don't know if he's
a friend of Yao I don't know if he's a youtuber
well he's confronting a
security guard with a security guard at
the fair yes the voice has changed a little
eh the voice let's see man the verse
changes your voice a little it would be more than
a year since I did it No of course almost
a year and a half ago and the and the seat went away
a little because the truth is I stop
more I stop I relate more with people from
outside than with people from here here I went down
the street still in question I imagine
no then we see Yao how he goes in to
separate him Hey please no you step aside
and now
attention the mug is going to hit the
security guard I mean this
security guard who is 2 m tall no and he's
very brave I mean he's not
doing it anymore because he has his friend who is
also 2 m tall no but Move over there
Move over because I'm seeing that they
're recording me with the cell phone and I'm going to
hit him
Also what the [ __ ] what way is
that to hit Yao what way is that to hit what's that
and  how did you hit it Look, I mean,
he's the one who hits the
security guard and he's the one who falls to the ground
but yao it's like you're a
plasticine doll and the big guy comes this way
and he's going to put it in the other one but damn, what a badass
mother of mine look at the Big One How he distributes
No look at the Big One How he
distributes here getting out of the way you don't
hit like a girl yao I [ __ ] on everything
let's watch the video
great
playing Las Palmas there but what the
[ __ ] are you doing fighting or is he
inviting her to dance with you a
sevillana Come
on I
don't think they're all cornering
the security guard a little no but this
this moment this moment is incredible
no this moment is the funniest part of the
video And we see how yao comes
this way he doesn't make way he makes way
here I mean he makes way I don't know if they are
friends of theirs who are separating him
but here no they are not because he's the one who
slaps him look look at this pose Look at
this pose here divine and he does po catch
yao come on Eat the curb a little bit
yao come  here take it's hungry take
it Eat the curb a little Come on let's
see it with sound let's see it with
sound it's very
funny Eat the curb
nothing's happening now nothing's happening everyone Have breakfast
curb every now and then nothing This is
what happened today no I think it's
very funny for some of you will like
the news no and it's not Juanito
Look Juanito follows you Juanito follows you
what time are you Well nothing eaten curb
I love the narration eh I love the
narration the narration of the video okay
look at the comments listen to me
well half a half kilo of visit eh half a
kilo of visit kid eh half a million
visits the video
popillo here dude got the video
almost half a million visits eh
December 15, 2017 well Well it turns out
that she is in prison now no that they have
sentenced her Look here keep this open
not with the sentence Marcos Ernesto
Cabrera Rodrguez year of prison
legal accessories and costs for
considering him criminally
responsible for the crime of reduction to
servitude to the detriment of T ta  maybe 6
million pesos that I don't know how much
euros will be Okay but he's not in prison, he's not
included But what is the crime of
reduction to servitude, that is, is it like
a crime like abusing
multi-station systems and facilitating
prostitution of minors if here the But
if here in the sentence it doesn't say all that, in other words,
here it says criminally
responsible author of the crime of reduction to
servitude let's see the crime of reduction to
servitude it is a crime that is
consummated when the
working conditions imposed on the passive subject are
equated to the work performed by
a person subjected to a state of
servitude slavery or in other words of having
mistreated the people who work
with him here it doesn't say anything about
child abuse to friends we are free
we are always fine fine nothing nothing nothing
finally
finalized trial friends friends you don't
worry when you see me behind a
fence there you should worry but in the
meantime if you see me healthy kicking
calm stable traveling
everywhere and moving and always with a
smile it's because things are well
Now if tomorrow you see me behind a
fence crying sad everything  in debt all
blown Okay then worry about me
but in the meantime don't worry
I'm fine I'm excellent literally
I'm happy and nothing the next few
days are the best man as they say in
Spain [ __ ] Why Because
very, very good things are coming So don't
worry calm stable I don't know
how the law will work in Argentina and
if with 4 years you go to jail or you don't
go or you can pay to not go I don't
know okay I know that here in Spain
if it's two or three years if you don't have a criminal record and such the sentence can be suspended okay in exchange for compensation for the damages and that series of things no and they don't enter no but for 4 years I don't know if you will go in Argentina or not okay are
you telling me that
the sentence is not final, let's see maybe eh maybe it's that he
is calm because he will probably
reduce it in the appeal no if it is not final and he does
n't go or he pays or whatever and he keeps
everything in money it is positive mind you
know if tomorrow they see me behind
bars or if tomorrow they see me TR is Uruguayan
but he lived in Argentina No he did not live
in Argentina I know he's Uruguayan but he
lives in Argentina he's crying like crazy
there worry and ask me Che yao
How are you but Meanwhile I'm
free No notice that notice that
this crime only appears in
Argentina in fact or rather it's not that of
course here here it would be a crime of
what labor exploitation or something like that I ca
n't imagine myself free so guys those who
think that everything I'm doing
now and all the press that came out is
marketing for the fight with Chino
Maidana are wrong it's not
Maidana yes we're going to fight yes the
fight It was confirmed we're going to schedule the
date and everything will be ready if there's
any boxing influencer who wants to
join this evening this great event
write to me privately because
everything is being organized from now on yesterday
Chino confirmed it today we're going to be
uploading history to both of us and we're going to be
announcing exactly
when the day of the fight is But those
who say sho shado all this that is going to be
imprisoned a marketing for the  fight with
the Chinese tomorrow it's not marketing it's not
marketing it's not marketing if I never
do marketing can I leave the country
I'm still
active here So therefore the fight is
going to be in Argentina where are we going
to do it He can't leave the country
possibly Lun Park possibly a
stadium What do we need what do we want to
add more influencers to this add
more boxers professional boxers
who fight against influencers or
influencer your
influencers I saw a tit of cocu
making fun of the cho Look he says let's see
if it appears to me that we are at 28 he can't
do much he can't do many days he
will have deleted it he will have deleted it Hey
the coconut has deleted it the twit posted a tweet
no no well he has deleted it I don't see it kck
full pacifier the bard Tito
Caldern took advantage of it Hey I swear Yes yes this this I do
n't know if it was This I would swear it was another one of yours
Che pincho Poza ya caverga Che pincho Poza ya caverga I
don't understand what it
's like a question a kiss Neon
very much Thank you man a kiss Hey give it a  I'm
applauding the entire chat right now to
Mister Neon who was the only one who
gave away a member today. Hey, man, I think
he's saying like he entered
Cana, no like he entered Cana, no, I don't
know if you remember, but there's a video that
I really regret now that it
's in the
salsera
because the truth is that this
video was for the main guy, in fact, I do
n't know if I should even summarize it for the
main guy someday, but these people
tell me no, that I should leave it as it is.
Look at this video, okay, the story that czu does
n't tell you, okay, the other night never
told, I mean, this is another story that
kzu tells another day, but there's
something very interesting here. There's
something very interesting, no, it wasn't in
this video, it wasn't in this video,
man. In what video did I put it then, man,
he came out like he came out like, looking at
a blackboard again, this idiot guy and
I, little thing, Antillo Cabrera campaign. Go on,
friends, the reputation that gave birth to him, they
deleted our video. The damn, those friends
of sho Cabrera or sho  Cabrera
saw the video and got angry and deleted the
video but he's not going to stop us for anything
We are the cosar my friend they're not
going to understand I mean at first they're going to
say we stopped the video he's not going to
do anything else the balls now
the Empire rises momo came to record
his reaction to sho Cabrera's video
as if to get a little more indignant This won't
stay like this Now we're going to have
Momo's reaction live in a little while and I
invite all of you who want to join
the antioca [ __ ] campaign to make
a video each one of you and upload it
have balls old man upload a video there was
a video dude there was a video that was of
cocu he was like looking at the screen that's
when he found Cabrera the
What can I put it was a girl it
was a girl who was
drunk light eyes sun her name
was steam on on Twitch no And these
people uploaded it to the room
had a problem okay And cocu had
a video but I don't know where I have it
dude I don't know where I have it dude it was a
video and it said violin no  I know what he started to
tell me violin that you are a violin that I do
n't know what But where did I put it man
Where did I put it is that of course find out
Where is that but watch out that is
interesting d Corral la cocu I
swore that it was in
this let's see I'm going to see if by the
transcription
no
no well surely luar will find it for me
later luar Remind me that
an idea has occurred to me Remind me that
an idea has occurred to me Remind me to
tell you before I go to
bed very good my beloved public Today is
my day state this platform
historically already damn During the
last few days there has been talk of
a possible conviction for the misdeed that he has
been committing but it is now official The
influencer and youtuber send it to me Christopher send it to
me Christopher
Send it to me by mdm send it to me please Marcos
Ernesto Cabrera Rodrguez popularly
known as yao Cabrera was sentenced
today to 4 years in prison
for the crime of reduction to
servitude, effectively at the moment
this judicial stagnation is already  He has it nailed
the main victim was a woman who,
as justice was able to verify, was
reduced by Cabrera to servitude in
exchange for a place to live and some
food between the years 2019 and 2020.
Here my people the
toxic and harmful chemical compound has more
open procedures as open as they are going to
let his ass. On the other hand, Cabrera was
denounced for sexual crimes,
corruption of minors, teachings of vale, that
is, the sentence, the sentence is for
the servitude and the other thing they are
talking about are other complaints, damn it. I think
there is one thing, I think there is
one thing that we can spend a while, eh. Wait, wait.
Let's finish this
paraphilia and human trafficking in
October 2020, the court of guarantees
number 3 of Escobar continues to investigate
another criminal action for other accusations
of sexual crimes and
drug sales, a process that apparently does
not look very good for him either,
irrefutable evidence was presented on
the
multi-station systems and facilitation of
prostitution to minors and
drug sales  at their parties and theaters I
tell you the little gem that everyone wants
for their daughters apparently he is already
prohibited from leaving the country and can still
appeal in fact he was
quiet or that's what he wants to pretend
families always the same character has
been eh always the same character in the
end things accumulate and that's what there is
no
[Music]